hey guys welcome back to flix recap my
name is luke pelletier and today we're
looking at the gut busting nut adjusting
flick 40 days and 40 nights before we
get into it be sure to drop a like leave
a comment and subscribe to flicks recap
if you dig the coverage and as a
disclaimer this video contains my own
personal analysis and commentary it's
not a substitute to watching the film
itself
links to purchase the film are in the
description below let's get to it
website designer matt has been through a
rough breakup with his longtime
girlfriend nicole it's been six months
since the breakup but matt still hasn't
recuperated he constantly feels this
feeling of emptiness whenever he gets
intimate with any other girl and he
actually has visions of the ceiling
cracking open on him
every time he panics and flees the
girl's place in the middle of the night
he confesses this to his brother john
who's on the path to becoming a priest
at a local church
matt's roommate ryan is tired of hearing
his obsession with nicole and invites
him to a double date with two attractive
ladies to which matt agrees later that
night matt is about to sleep with his
date when he starts having his visions
again
he panics at first but then after some
mojo motivation from ryan he ends up
sleeping with her he does however end up
faking an orgasm kind of understandable
matt is clearly a sensitive dude the
next day at work he finds out that
nicole is engaged after only two weeks
of dating somebody else
shattered by this news he goes to
nicole's office to confront her but
catches her flaunting her engagement
ring and welch's
at his brother's church matt learns that
lent is starting now for those of you
who don't know during lent believers
give up a vice for 40 days and this ends
on easter
this gives matt an idea he's going to
give up sex masturbation and anything
even remotely connected to sex for the
40 days of lent he gets rid of his
entire porn stash he dumps his cds he
even shoots down the opportunity to get
lucky after ryan invites him out to a
club
but as i'm sure you can guess keeping up
this vow of celibacy for matt is going
to prove to be much more difficult
while doing his laundry he has to work
hard to keep himself from flirting with
this beautiful girl who's clearly into
him
he doesn't say a word to her and he lets
her do all the talking even when she has
to borrow change and fabric softener
meanwhile ryan is absolutely blown away
when matt tells him about his chastity
stunt he's convinced that matt can't go
through with the vow by day eight of
lent ryan has already told matt's
colleagues about the vow and now they're
all betting on how long that is going to
last the girls at matt's office are also
discussing whether he'll be able to go
all 40 days without sex one of them even
tries to seduce him while his colleagues
watch intently but to his credit matt
manages to keep it locked down still
he's really into the girl from the
laundromat the next week he finally
talks to her he finds out her name is
erica and that she's a cyber nanny which
means that she puts in regular keywords
that kids might search online and if
they lead to any pornographic links she
blocks those sites the next morning matt
tells ryan about erica and that he's
going on a date with her
ryan thinks this will end up going
against his vow and it's only been a
little over two weeks but matt assures
him that his connection with erica is
more than just sexual
and so ryan being the loyal friend that
he is tells this to all matt's
colleagues
meanwhile matt and erica have a great
time on their first date
at the end of the date erica leans in
for a kiss
but matt backs up and gives her a high
five instead and then runs away
awkwardly
erica tells her friend sam about matt's
weird response and sam seems to think
that matt either has a girlfriend or is
secretly gay the next day at work matt
comes to know about the whole betting
game that his colleagues have created
around his vow now this is pretty much a
seinfeld episode but chris the
mastermind behind the game has even
created a website for it allowing more
and more people to place their bets and
the whole operation is going pretty
strong with high value bets and even
advertisers coming in from around the
world
concerned that erica is going to catch
wind about the vow matt runs over to her
office where people already recognize
him as the abstinence guy
erica is furious at him because she
thinks the bet is about her but matt
explains that it isn't and that he
didn't know it had become public
still erica is just too upset to go out
with him again
matt is obviously heated at ryan for
telling everyone about the vow because
he was finally getting over nicole guess
ryan kind of shot himself in the foot
there huh
anyway at work erica is also having
trouble concentrating because matt's all
she can think about
so she leaves a message from matt at the
laundromat saying that just because they
can't sleep together
doesn't mean they can't hang out
so they go on another date and it goes
smoothly until matt notices that nicole
and her fiance david are also at the
same restaurant nicole and david come
over to talk to matt and erica but david
starts acting like a total douche and
nicole is only bragging about her
hubby's job meanwhile erica is mad that
matt didn't mention to her that the
whole vow thing was due to nicole
she says that he should finish his vow
first and then they can talk about being
together
at this point there are still two weeks
left for matt's vow to end and it's not
getting any easier for him to keep up
with it two other girls at matt's work
hit on him to get him to break the vow
they start kissing each other to seduce
him matt bolts out of there only to find
his other colleagues eagerly waiting
outside the room to see if they had
finally won any money in the betting
game
later on day 35 one of the colleagues
spikes matt's drink with viagra so that
he'll have to break the vow
unfortunately for him matt doesn't drink
it but his boss jerry does without
knowing that it had been spiked
later the guy who put viagra in matt's
drink tries to bribe him to break his
vow because he has 18 thousand dollars
riding on it he hands him a dirty
magazine after which matt loses all
control he grabs the magazine and rushes
to the toilet almost causing a riot in
the office as his other colleagues try
to stop him matt is just about to throw
in the towel when he hears jerry crank
in the hog in the stall next to him
which really just puts him off he
ultimately gives the magazine to jerry
and flees the office leaving his
colleagues and himself literally high
and dry
matt goes to see erica because he can't
stop thinking about her
they have a heart to heart and really
want to sleep with each other but in
order to uphold matt's vow they promise
to adjust their behavior
and they do so with this whole sensually
touching each other with a flower bit
which actually brings erica to orgasm
but now matt is just hard for a bunch of
flowers and that has got to be
inconvenient like later at work after
sniffing some flowers matt goes into a
meeting with this
raging erection and he doesn't even
realize it
the confidence on this guy huh
anyway on day 38 nicole shows up at
matt's place when matt is expecting
erica
nicole is devastated she's just broken
off her engagement because david was
cheating on her she tries to seduce matt
into being a rebound but he asks her to
leave
this only turns her on even more but
matt slams the door square in her face
the next morning nicole overhears at a
coffee shop about matt's vow of celibacy
so she finds chris and places a generous
bet on the vow herself now at this point
there are only 32 hours left for the bet
to be over
on day 40 matt who is still massively
struggling with celibacy is trying all
he can to stop himself from being
aroused it's literally the last day
buddy come on
still he's so unsure of being able to
hold back his urges that he starts
smoking and drinking and even asks
ryan's kinky date to handcuff him to the
bed so he can't do anything even if he
wants to
now erica is supposed to visit him at
midnight to celebrate the end of the vow
so matt asks ryan to leave the door
unlocked but nicole is waiting for ryan
and his girlfriend to leave so she can
make a little bit of money off the bet
at this point matt is so drunk that he
just falls asleep dreaming about sex
erica and nicole
except the nicole part wasn't actually a
dream
matt wakes up to find nicole sitting on
top of him she's been dry humping him
and well
he just broke his vow
nicole leaves feeling proud of herself
and all that cocky garbage but it's
almost midnight so she runs into erica
on her way out
erica instantly knows something's up she
goes in to find that matt has broken the
vow and with nicole no less he tells her
that he had fallen asleep and that he
thought it was her and not nicole that
he was having sex with in his dream
but erica is heartbroken
erika can feel how she wants but it's
kind of ridiculous to hold this against
matt that's just my opinion 10 days
after easter when his vow ends matt
leaves a gift for erica at her place
erica is still mad at him but sam thinks
that she should give matt a chance
because he seems to be crazy about her
and because he busted while he was
literally unconscious again you're
really gonna hold that against him it's
nicole's doing anyway
but at the end matt and erica meet each
other at the laundromat he apologizes to
her and kisses her after which she
finally forgives him as the film ends
matt's colleagues are now betting on how
long his non-stop sex spree with erica
is going to last
like i mentioned i love how this is like
a seinfeld episode turned on its head
the level of drama and seriousness for
this film is just right it doesn't get
in the way of any of the comedy plus
good for this guy for taking the
initiative to keep himself abstinent for
lent that's not at all easy for a
borderline sex addict but it's very
christ-like now at first i kind of
thought it was lame that his friends
weren't supportive or really encouraging
for him to make the change but honestly
i kind of feel like their taunting works
a bit better than them trying to cheer
him on or get really hyped about his
lack of nut i guess
that just seems way too liberal in
mixing privacy and friendly support like
come on buddy you can do it don't do
that really shameful thing
i certainly wouldn't want to advertise
to the world that i need help not
nutting for lent that's something i'd
expect from like a 15 year old right but
i guess that's part of why this film is
just absolutely hilarious but what did
you think let me know in the comments
below and of course be sure to drop a
like for the commentary and subscribe to
the channel so you don't miss the next
recap until next time